feat(curriculum): add second flexbox workshop to FSD cert (#62735)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-colorful-boxes/68f92924265e9185f1bb391b.md

---
id: 68f92924265e9185f1bb391b
title: Step 5
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-5
---

# --description--

> Now go to the `styles.css` file and create a `flex-container` class. This workshop is focused on the CSS flex properties. To practice these, add a `display` property with the value `flex` to the class created. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Going back to the `styles.css` file, create a `flex-container` class selector and set the `display` property to the value `flex`. 
```

> The `display` property controls how an element is rendered on the page. When you define it with `flex` value, this enables Flexbox layout mode, which gives you control to arrange and align the items inside the container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `display` property controls how an element is rendered on the page. When you define it with the `flex` value, this enables Flexbox layout mode, which gives you control to arrange and align the items inside the container.
```

# --hints--

Create a `h1` element

```js
assert.exists(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.flex-container'));
```

> You should have a property `display` with the value `flex`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should set the `display` property to the value `flex` within the `.flex-container` selector.
```
